set_nice: pid = 53243, old_priority = 0, new_priority = -20
main: total access:1MB, Average access time/block:4140 clock cycles
main: total access:2MB, Average access time/block:4934 clock cycles
main: total access:3MB, Average access time/block:5388 clock cycles
main: total access:4MB, Average access time/block:4070 clock cycles
main: total access:5MB, Average access time/block:3613 clock cycles
main: total access:6MB, Average access time/block:3897 clock cycles
main: total access:7MB, Average access time/block:3831 clock cycles
main: total access:8MB, Average access time/block:4112 clock cycles
main: total access:9MB, Average access time/block:3737 clock cycles
main: total access:10MB, Average access time/block:3965 clock cycles
main: total access:100MB, Average access time/block:4472 clock cycles
main: total access:200MB, Average access time/block:4242 clock cycles
main: total access:300MB, Average access time/block:4756 clock cycles
main: total access:400MB, Average access time/block:6746 clock cycles
main: total access:500MB, Average access time/block:6314 clock cycles
main: total access:600MB, Average access time/block:5941 clock cycles
main: total access:700MB, Average access time/block:5661 clock cycles
main: total access:800MB, Average access time/block:5820 clock cycles
main: total access:900MB, Average access time/block:5617 clock cycles
main: total access:1024MB, Average access time/block:5674 clock cycles
main: total access:2048MB, Average access time/block:9875 clock cycles
main: total access:3072MB, Average access time/block:11375 clock cycles
main: total access:4096MB, Average access time/block:13181 clock cycles
main: total access:5120MB, Average access time/block:12787 clock cycles
main: total access:6144MB, Average access time/block:13218 clock cycles
main: total access:7168MB, Average access time/block:13186 clock cycles